and now everyone and welcome them
speak of a come and well this is a
special video that they want to attract
for several days how to adjust
their of their sensitivities in cases
of you use you talk to all of you
modern warfare
but it escapes there those that you
want but good as they are now
watching on screen
this is a table of how are the
goats of interiors of the
sensitivities that had to be
example in the call of duty black ops'
one in which was the first subtle broth
that I started going was based on a
sensitivity from 1 to 10 thing that does not
revoked from the camera in all
bastards
at the time 215 get are 414
good sensitivities in cases
previous more guaparo whites one
either of the holiness in
four arrived as that initial or high and
says he said hair in parentheses and
when we arrive this way will be the sensitivity
87 output in whatever sensitivity
worse and kate it would be like that a bit
with a little longer more way more
fast and what would be the 10 whatever the
maximum not the most the most bitch of
control it in my opinion for those of
unai but not because they are the pinches 3g
but in the end in blockhaus 1 in the
sensitivity 8 let's say to the oxidized
height in the dose and we will reach the
obesity but already 14 and the bastard
that the cards when I went black
ops a black ops 2 I said yes in the
call of duty and in the 21 when they left
to 4 that would be height possess in 8 that
it is in white 2 it would be the same not thing
that is not true since I was
recording myself spinning around like
idiot and telling the time if it was the
same was not the same and it was not
Apart from that it will not be the same too
he's here with the rule people of three
mathematical areas if one equals 100
I wave and I say yes 4 is equal to 100 in the
sensitivity 5 how much will it be a
race of 3 very cabrona not very pinches
and x equal to and square in the
square is worth 4 but good here showed
first what would be the table is here
As shown in the table as it is not is not
the same
hyde the black ops of black ops 1 al
black ops 2 for example in the black ops
in the black ops 1-4 in the black ops is
sensitivity in 5 if you do not believe me
do the lap test as
stupid
good
carlos or interiors sensitivity in 1
black ops 11 with the previous tools
sensitivity in 12 in one equal all
the previous days and sensitivity in
two dishes in three with the previous day
identity in three black ops in 4 when
of the previous day in 4 blackham two in
five with superior to 4 5 5 7 and 6 and 8 7 and
10 8 and 11 9 13 and 10 14 as she what
last can already upload 302 numbers yes
because by pure chance that you
they use a sensitivity between 8 and 9 in the
Carlos in the black ops is fine I
people and the one he used in those who liked
the black ops 1 comes bad war 3
he liked between five and six the
braille varied between 6 and 7 around
9-year- olds because 9's because it's
in 317 that he always used like that between
that limit no and pos went very well
that there was 14 sensitivity on the island
with which I decompose the 9
just the average is a sensitivity
I recommend it a lot, I was not even
very work or very low you get tired
the shifts and all this roll no but
well now let's move on to what would be the
second the second cosma as per exists
the second table that I bring to you here that
would be from whites 2 to what would be
bring witnesses closer
well this would be more or less logical
not that you are still playing
modern warfare 3 or something like that if you
play sensitivity in 6 in
modern warfare has the call of duty
black ops' I think it's in 8 and
possibly looking for him here here he has it
the 8th and they pass it for the other good side
of the numbers on the left side that
it would be 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 14
16 and identify them well by columns
the numbers are on the left are the
of white 2 and those on the right
are those of the states that returns to what
same not the actress cameron again and
now it's up to 20 and sensitivities
next
2 albans be guardian of this prick
adult and will have 50 of the 6 say
sensibilities and nothing are going to fight to
through but good
here as you will see on the screen if you
I use it as sensibility in 8
I was playing him
applying the same as applying held
with soto if they leave hi
in 2 he also looked for haji him as equal
which is not true because I have just
do the test and it changes too much in the
that is playing density 7 in the
card punishments and now the game in eleven
because they seem in 11 but good
I hope you liked the video see
Although the tables identify tion
you feel your sensitivity I
I recommend that in black ops 2 use
an approximate sensitivity between 8 and 10
because you do not want more in those
best sensitive that can be
control and more and it's just starting or
You've been getting used to that
sensitivity because the truth that the
brown output
I threw in sensitivity 14 and that
very try card
then I was changing him I went
changing it changed until it arrived
to this sensitivity that I have right now
What is it
to 9 in a gulag of 211 in the past
six or seven or five morhua tailors and
black ops 1 but good I was with the
video until I got here I take
me and see you in the next video bye bye